Add LICENSE (#15)
tanner0101/release-bot: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> We're excited to see you're interested in contributing to the AsyncKit package! This document covers how you can report any issues you find or contribute with bug fixes and new features!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to see you're interested in contributing to the ReleaseBot! This document covers how you can report any issues you find or contribute with bug fixes and new features!
```
